oh my goodness this is all for the new
studio I'm so excited
what's up you're having today because we
ran into issues with the TV apparently
behind this wall it wasn't a stud that
we were drilling in but Britt I don't
think he's gonna work out there we're
gonna have to figure that out a TV is a
major upgrade to the office but we don't
we don't know how to put it right there
something special is gonna go I think
John I might have a place for the TV
behind me if that's the thing I think
that would look pretty aesthetic yeah
especially if I'm playing random things
I have to do with my videos what you
don't say what mm-hmm
you see what excuse me what super stoked
for these these all the microphones that
are going to power a fancy podcast whoa
yo C style I'm gonna get a kickflip it
is I'm saying
oh no it's actually good freakin bring
it in that water it's so close to the
edge anything about this brick
you give me a hamper another huge office
update has to do is actually how I store
footage I do so much filming and editing
I got to keep files up-to-date stored
properly and backed up you guys have
seen those videos where I'm all
depressed because I lost footage I'm not
the best at backing up but this brings
me to these Synology nas and I haven't
touched it since I got it so so I
officially have to finish going over to
my Synology nas system which I'm so
excited to have but first I want to talk
about how I organize my footage I make
so many videos all the time and so this
is a question I get a lot all of my
editing either happens on my 2017
MacBook Pro it's the updated one with
accumulate processor or my custom-built
PC I typically use a PC for a bigger
project and because I am constantly on
the go my laptop is my go-to so I keep
all of my current projects on my one
terabyte SSD on my macbook and then I
carry around a samsung external hard
drive but it's SSD so it's super quick
when you just play it into the MacBook
via USB see I'm usually good with that 2
terabytes of storage but when I'm
traveling I always carry with me a extra
one terabyte LaCie hard drive I have
lost so much footage from failed hard
drives in the past that when I'm
traveling I want to make sure things are
back so I carry around a LaCie 2
terabyte hard drive to back up my
macbook SSD and also my samsung external
hard drive and then I have an additional
LaCie 1 terabyte to back up that other
LaCie 1 terabyte hard drive when this is
your living you can't lose footage am i
right guys once I fill up the one
terabyte SSD in my Mac and also my
samsung external I usually will dump all
of the footage onto more external hard
drives that I just keep in a drawer if I
need them only the most important
projects still on my computer
once it's getting close it's important
to free up space for a new project so
I'm not stuck somewhere and don't have
any room and this leads me to my nan
system my network attached system I have
my current project and then I have all
of my old footage on external hard drive
like the WD just like very normal hard
drives but I don't have them backed up
anywhere I don't have a second copy or
anything which is stupid very stupid
ideally I would like a copy of it in a
separate place now that I'm having them
backed up onto my nas system I'm going
to be keeping the five six seven eight
how many external hard drives I have at
my apartment and here in the office I
will have the NAS system it is unique
because I have multiple computers here
in the office and if anyone ever comes
by and is collaborating with me on a
similar project it is a easy way to
access the footage if you're on this
local network my router is located over
here so I have placed it over here by
Jonathan thank you for freeing up some
space Johnny you know I got your back
since day one nice I don't have a super
long Ethernet cable to wrap around the
entire office for my side but I'm
getting it it's on the way that's why my
setup is over here so I have connected
straight into the network via all of my
dolls look at this this is ridiculous
into the Ethernet and then this guy is
plugged into the network via the
ethernet the ds9 16 plus is a four bay
system I have three ten terabytes
Seagate drives in there these three 10
terabyte hard drives are stacked up very
closely next to each other but they are
specific drives that are meant for that
purpose so it is not going to be a
problem this is basically my drive on my
network so I have my old hard drives
over here being copied over to the
Peachy now
I already have three hard drives on it
and I'm working on the fourth one right
now let's see Oh fantastic we only have
two days left guys
great so now here at the office all of
my footage is going to be on the network
and it can basically be shared and
access just like a server so both of my
computers here are going to be connected
straight into the network so you just
via an Ethernet cable and I have amazing
internet here those speeds I know you
can also set up different volumes and
profiles of so many different ways to
share things but another benefit of
having a system like this is you can set
it up as a raid system if you're not
familiar with that maybe just google it
or something but it's a way to have
redundancy with your data it's not a
solution for a backup you should always
have a second forum of all of your data
but it's redundancy so that means I have
three terabyte hard drives in the system
right now so SH RS and knowledge ease
version of this it basically spreads out
all the data throughout the 310 terabyte
drives and so I have 17 usable terabytes
and if one of my drives fails I'm good
it can rebuild it but what's unique
about SHR is you don't have to have
these same drives in every single slot
and raid I would typically have to have
410 terabyte hard drives in my four
drive bay or 310 terabytes
but with SHR I can throw in a 12
terabyte hard drive with my other 310
tera by and I'll still work it can still
rebuild the data if one of the drives is
lost so I don't know what type of magic
Synology is doing to enable that but
that's what's cool about it okay so
let's move this conversation about
organization and process along with how
do I come up with video concepts and how
do I
execute on them when it comes to getting
ideas for YouTube videos the problem is
never lacking ideas but just how it
organized and execute on them so I could
be out and about walking around in New
York City getting inspiration watching
someone else's YouTube video maybe
watching a Netflix show and it'll just
hit me in the brain so I have several
ways to kind of organize those ideas and
to then shoot them depending on where I
am and what I have I jot down some of
the first ideas whether that's a title
of the video or just an idea
I'll put it either in my Trello boards
on my whiteboard in my office or in my
notebooks so I really like moleskin
notebooks and that's where I really
flush out videos and it's actually super
fun to go and look back at my old notes
I have a ton of old videos and like
where my brain was at and I always date
it so it's cool to see you know two
years ago me planning out a video titled
how to casein I said a vlog and having
just all of my chicken scratch and what
the video should be I actually really do
think about videos I never script them
or anything but I always do kind of put
bullet points or things that I want to
feature in the videos I have really
grown to like trillo so it is a
organizational app that you can access
on your phone or on your computer
the Trello board looked very good on my
LG curb display which I have been
enjoying very very much I have different
boards split up in between personal and
my YouTube stuff and so my YouTube board
is separated into the categories video
ideas videos to shoot videos to post
upcoming sponsorships people to YouTube
collab with and podcast guess who do I
want to keep on my mind to all the
future of what I want to do and also I
just have random boards for to do's and
some of my future endeavors if I just
ideas I don't want to reveal too much so
it's kind of hard to show you my Trello
boards just because I do keep so much
stuff in there but hopefully that gave
you some ideas on how to organize if you
are interested I feel like this is
turning into an ad for them they
actually have sponsored a video in the
past but this is definitely not a
sponsorship but it is completely free so
if you want to test it out you can sign
up today not spawn not sponsored from
there I go out and shoot shoot shoot
sometimes I have certain points that I
want to hit that are in my Trello cards
so I have it in my phone constantly and
I can check it as often as I need to and
then I go and edit and then if I have an
editor helping me with that video I
upload the footage to Google dry quick
side now as a person who's YouTube
channel kind of runs on sponsorships and
partnering with brands very rarely do I
want to trash someone like a brand name
that I could potentially collab with so
I very rarely do this but I just want to
say Dropbox sucks
it is terrible it is awful I have used
it for almost a year and about six
months ago I cancelled all of my Dropbox
accounts it is just it is so not
intuitive you know you can't click on a
clip and shift-select a lot of clips and
then right-click that and have a lot of
options just can't do that enjoy I don't
know why you can't do that in Dropbox
and on top of that it takes for ever to
upload and download from I just I don't
get it I don't get how people still I
don't get it so I use Google Drive
whenever I need to upload and download
footage of any kind I use Adobe Premiere
CC to edit it's part of the Creative
Cloud suite so along with that you can
download photos shop Lightroom I just
like the family of apps I'm very used to
and like editing in Premiere Final Cut
10 users come at me bro and sisters I
export using the h.264 YouTube 1080
preset in Premiere that allows for the
least amount of reco
thing that it needs to do when it is
uploaded on to YouTube once the video is
on YouTube and it's all said and done I
keep all of my footage so I do keep all
of my raw footage I don't know maybe
I'll stop that at some point in my life
but I feel like storage is getting so
cheap and there's so many options I just
don't see why I wouldn't keep my raw
footage I mean how am I gonna make an
epic documentary about my life one day
without all the footage from like year 0
to 80 I guess I'm gonna wait till 80 to
edit my own documentary I hope that
insight into my process helped you guys
in some way if you're curious if how I
make videos how I store my footage I'm
super stoked to get this office to 99%
of course it's a big mess right now
there's stuff everywhere but we're
getting there
we're getting there and I'm I'm excited
John you leaving me yeah I'll be in New
York for a little bit longer then I have
some travels coming up which I'm super
excited for my guys thank you so much
for tuning in let me know if you like
this video hit that subscribe button
down below for new videos every week cuz
guess what you want to become a part of
the PG fans the PG fans it's good it's
so lit and the most creative family on
the platform alright getting the planet
the planet the most so that's why you
want to subscribe yeah yeah yeah
stay peachy okay
[Music]